thousand of Israeli soldiers and
civilians are being held hostage as part
of an unprecedented attack by
Palestinian militants on Israeli
territory Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says his country is
at War his government says the
Palestinian militant group Hamas
launched more than 2,000 Rockets into
the country killing at least 200 people
and wounding nearly a thousand officials
in the Gaza Strip say at least 198
people have been killed there in
retaliatory Israeli strikes The Barrage
of Rocket fire from Gaza into Israeli
territory began just after Dawn with
explosions heard on the streets of
ashalon s darat is one of the towns
thought to have been infiltrated by
militants with the latest on this fast
escalating conflict his our Middle East
correspondent you land now and a warning
you may find some of her report
upsetting Israeli party goers from an
overnight Rave running for their lives
Israel's nightmare scenario armed
Palestinian militants at large in
southern
Israel it's thought that dozens entered
some cutting through the perimeter fence
from the Gaza
Strip in the town of stot residents hid
as Fighters drove in there was shooting
and the Israeli casualties began to
mount in a dramatic turn videos were
also shared of Israelis being taken into
Gaza as hostages
the day had begun with intense barrages
of Palestinian Rockets some reaching as
far as
Jerusalem but the worst damage was in
the town's closest to Gaza this was
ashalon Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu met top security
officials since this morning the state
of Israel has has been at War our first
objective is to clear out enemy forces
that infiltrated and restore the
security and quiet the communities that
have been attacked the second objective
at the same time is to exact an immense
price from the Enemy Within the Gaza
Strip
too leaders of Hamas the islamist
militant Group which controls Gaza now
living overseas was shown watching the
unfolding news and
praying
in Gaza there were celebrations after an
Israeli tank was captured and stolen
Israeli military vehicles were driven
in but soon the deadly pounding by
Israeli war planes began the Israeli
military saying it was targeting Hass
sites and in Gaza 2 the hospitals have
now been
overwhelmed many Palestinian families
have fled from their homes and are
seeking safety in un run
schools after this unprecedented
surprise attack Israel is calling up
military reservists it said Hamas will
pay the price for its actions and the
fighting goes on the question now can it
be stopped from spreading to other
Palestinian areas and The Wider
region youan now there will let's bring
you the latest figures coming into us
from Gaza the health Ministry have told
the BBC there that 232 people have been
killed and
1,790 have been injured well let's go
live now to our Jerusalem Bureau bureau
chief Joe floto who's following all the
developments and Joe also in the past
few minutes confirmation from the
Israelis that at least 200 Israelis have
been killed in those attacks today bring
us the
latest yeah so the the casualty figures
coming up on both sides there there's
still fighting going on so we're just
coming off of an Israeli military
briefing and they're confirming that
there is ongoing gun gunfire in some of
their military installations and border
crossing points on the Gaza Strip which
uh has taken them hours to retake and
they still haven't completed that
process they estimate that hundreds of
militants managed to break out of Gaza
and storm several locations near the
Gaza Strip in Israeli towns and we've
seen this chaos unfold during the
morning hours with people being taken
hostage a number of people killed and
we've seen extraordinary videos of
Israeli civilians being dragged away
by militants supposedly into the Gaza
Strip and we can confirm that there are
dozens we think of hostages now being ta
held by militants in
Gaza H there's there's so much to talk
about Joe um I just want to ask you
about the military operation because
also in the past few minutes the Reuters
news agency were reporting a military
spokesperson Israeli military
spokesperson saying we are prepared for
an escalation in the north now um
geography wise a lot of these attacks
happened in the south of the country
what do you think that's going to
mean what they're doing there is trying
to reassure people and send out a
message to Israel's enemies outside the
country that they are prepared for a war
on several fronts the main concentration
of military effort at the moment is in
the Gaza Strip so they are amassing
hundreds and thousands of soldiers
they've called up reservist and they are
preparing for a big ground operation
into the Gaza Strip they've made no
secret of that it will take them a while
to plan that in the meantime they are
bombing Gaza Strip and that hence the
casualties that we're seeing being
reported out of Gaza but to the north of
the country is Lebanon and Hezbollah is
a well-known militant organization that
runs pretty well that country and
controls the large area of the south of
that country and has had a war with
Israel in the past and they have voiced
their support for Hamas today and within
their control within the the the areas
of control of Hezbollah are also
Palestinian milit milit factions who
have in the past fired Rockets out of
Lebanon into Israel so Israel Israeli
military is saying they are prepared for
any eventuality but make no mistake what
they're planning at the moment is a
massive attack on the Gaza Strip using
thousands and thousands of soldiers we
just don't know when that's going to
happen Okay and politically Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has in
the last 20 minutes or so said he's
invited the opposition leaders ya lapid
and Gant to join a national Unity
government what's that going to
mean well I think at times like this in
Israel you often get very very Stark
political differences set aside uh for
the sake of national unity and that's
what we've seen this evening this
evening those politic those opposition
figur really don't like Netanyahu
they've they've been bitter political
Rivals but they are going to sit in a
national Unity government Benny gance is
a very very senior military offic former
Chief of Staff and will for part of that
government but this is a a very divided
country at the moment politically we've
seen protests continue for most of this
year because of U of political um
decisions made by Netanyahu that haven't
been agreed with by lots of the
population here but at the moment this
country is reeling in the shock of of
what has never been seen by many many
people living in Israel you have to go
back probably to the Yom kapore War
about 50 years ago before you get
anything remotely close to this if you
think about the war between Hezbollah
and Gaza in 2006 we've already surpassed
that death toll on the Israeli side in
just one day and in in that situation we
only had a tiny
infiltration into Israel proper this is
something different this is something
that the Israeli military was supposed
to stop this is not a surprise that
Hamas have wanted to do this it is a
surprise that they did it today and in
such numbers and complete surprise is
that they were so effortlessly
successful for hours and hours and have
reached havoc and now they hold in their
possession we think dozens of hostages
both military and civilian